fix(server-event): follow up fixs (#853)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/02-guides/server-side-events/create-an-event.mdx

---
title: Create an event
description:
  In this guide, we will cover the creation of server event and how to implement

>   them in your pages, we will create a new domain event that emit an event when
>   a customer votes on an FAQ question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  them in your pages, we will create a new domain event that will be emitted when
  a customer votes on an FAQ question.
```

Author: Fixed with your suggestion
